New example for ESP-BOX: Touch Screen Color wheel (#32)
espressif/esp-bsp: examples/touchscreen_colorwheel/README.md

| Supported Targets | ESP-BOX (ESP32-S3) |
| ----------------- | ------------------ |

# ESP-BOX Touch Screen Color Wheel Example

> This example demonstrates using ESP-BSP on ESP-BOX. There is a simple example, which changing background color by selecting on color wheel on touch screen. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates usage of ESP-BOX Board Support Package. This is a single purpose example, which is focused on display + touch applications: user can change background color by selecting it on a color wheel on the touch screen. 
```
```suggestion
This example demonstrates using ESP-BSP on ESP-BOX. There is a simple example, which changing background color by selecting on color wheel on touch screen. 
```

> This example demonstrates using ESP-BSP on ESP-BOX. There is a simple example, which changing background color by selecting on color wheel on touch screen. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates usage of ESP-BOX Board Support Package. This is a single purpose example, which is focused on display + touch applications: user can change background color by selecting it on a color wheel on the touch screen. 
```
```suggestion
This example demonstrates using ESP-BSP on ESP-BOX. There is a simple example, which changing background color by selecting on color wheel on touch screen. 
```
